docs: add docs for configuring ACLs with external servers (#7736)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/platform/k8s/servers-outside-kubernetes.html.md

You may also consider adopting Consul Enterprise for
[network segments](/docs/enterprise/network-segments/index.html).

## Configuring TLS with Auto-encrypt

Consul's auto-encrypt feature allows clients to automatically provision their own certificates by making a request to the servers at startup.

> If you would like to use this feature with the external Consul servers, you need to configure the Helm chart with the information about the server
> so that it can retrieve client's CA to use for securing the rest of the cluster.
> To do that, you must add the following values, in addition to the values mentioned above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to use this feature with external Consul servers, you need to configure the Helm chart with information about the servers
so that it can retrieve the clients' CA to use for securing the rest of the cluster.
To do that, you must add the following values, in addition to the values mentioned above:
```

```yaml
global:
  tls:
    enabled: true
    enableAutoEncrypt: true
externalServers:
  enabled: true
  hosts:
  - "provider=my-cloud config=val ..."
```

> In most cases, `externalServers.hosts` will be the same as `client.join`, however, this value must be provided for both values because

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, `externalServers.hosts` will be the same as `client.join`, however both keys must be set because
```

> this they are used for different purposes: one for Serf LAN and the other for HTTPS connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
they are used for different purposes: one for Serf LAN and the other for HTTPS connections.
```

> Please see [reference documentation](https://www.consul.io/docs/platform/k8s/helm.html#v-externalservers-hosts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the [reference documentation](https://www.consul.io/docs/platform/k8s/helm.html#v-externalservers-hosts)
```

for this value for more info. If your HTTPS port is different from Consul's default `8501`, you must also set
`externalServers.httpsPort`.

## Configuring ACLs

If you are running external servers with ACLs enabled, there are a couple of ways to configure the Helm chart
to help initialize ACL tokens for Consul clients and consul-k8s components for you.

### Manually Bootstrapping ACLs

> If you would like to call the ACL bootstrapping API yourself or if your cluster has already been bootstrapped with ACLs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to call the [ACL bootstrapping API](/api/acl/acl.html#bootstrap-acls) yourself or if your cluster has already been bootstrapped with ACLs,
```

you can provide the bootstrap token to the Helm chart. The Helm chart will then use this token to configure ACLs
for Consul clients and any consul-k8s components you are enabling.

First, create a Kubernetes secret containing your bootstrap token:

> ```shell script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1034429/80841714-d741a880-8bb4-11ea-9b32-76cf0e336cb6.png)

kubectl create secret generic bootstrap-token --from-literal='token=<your bootstrap token>'
```

Then provide that secret to the Helm chart:

```yaml
global:
  acls:
    manageSystemACLs: true
    bootstrapToken:
      secretName: bootstrap-token
      secretKey: token
```

The bootstrap token requires the following minimal permissions:

* `acl:write`
* `operator:write` if enabling Consul namespaces
* `agent:read` if using WAN federation over mesh gateways

Next, configure external servers. The Helm chart will use this configuration to talk to the Consul server's API

> to create policies, tokens, and an auth method. If you are enabling Consul Connect,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to create policies, tokens, and an auth method. If you are [enabling Consul Connect](/docs/platform/k8s/connect.html),
```
